hi guys DJ cat here with my adoring
slaves Marcel and Simon they don't need
me to remind you to tune in to the show
that simply buses with excitement
laughter laughing the hottest cartoons
like the tackle
and the Super Mario Brothers sounds good
to me what's my trillion computer video
game cats re so join me and ladies to
from the bj cat show weekdays 345 sky
one you want grade a chicken you want
bird's-eye crispy chicken
ma
made with succulent grade a chicken
breast and a light crispy coating new
birds I crispy chicken they're tall
protected when you were a baby today
with a fresh modern fragrance there's
also debt or fresh to protect the ones
you love they're strong they're brave
and they even fly they're two of the
most unlikely heroes you will ever see
Tom and Jerry the award winning duo are
starring in their first feature film Tom
and Jerry the movie once upon a time in
material before the circles who suddenly
went through this incredible mutation
process to become the Teenage Mutant
hero dental it was a sweet musician who
goes out of control I mutates into bebop
on my hair and beauty course I'm
learning what's good for hair / me and
coloring can leave our head dry and dull
but I've learned how to make it look
healthier with panties new daily
treatment system first prepare your hair
with Pantene shampoo then treat it with
Pantene Pro vitamin condition pantera's
provision treatment goes deep into your
hair as pantone protects and conditions
for root to tip now my hair looks so
healthy and it really shines the rent
friends ask me what's good for their
hair I tell them trypan 10 Pantene
shampoo and conditioner system with
pro-vitamin the daily treatment for
healthy looking hair Jacob's dinosaurs
giant crazy biscuits topped with smooth
middle chocolate yule digga digga
dinosaur